com/example/arielscupid/databinding/ActivitySetProfileBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.ActivitySetProfileBinding
com/example/arielscupid/status_fragment.java
 com.example.arielscupid.status_fragment
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/StatusFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.StatusFragmentBinding
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/ChatsFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.ChatsFragmentBinding
com/example/arielscupid/userprofile.java
 com.example.arielscupid.userprofile
com/example/arielscupid/ProfileActicity.java
 com.example.arielscupid.ProfileActicity
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/example/arielscupid/MyProfileFragment.java
 com.example.arielscupid.MyProfileFragment
com/example/arielscupid/ChatsFragment.java
 com.example.arielscupid.ChatsFragment
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/ActivityProfileActicityBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.ActivityProfileActicityBinding
com/example/arielscupid/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.arielscupid.BuildConfig
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/arielscupid/PagerAdapter.java
 com.example.arielscupid.PagerAdapter
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/arielscupid/MainActivity.java
 com.example.arielscupid.MainActivity
 com.example.arielscupid.MainActivity$1
 com.example.arielscupid.MainActivity$2
 com.example.arielscupid.MainActivity$3
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/MyProfileFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.MyProfileFragmentBinding
com/example/arielscupid/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.arielscupid.SecondFragment
 com.example.arielscupid.SecondFragment$1
com/example/arielscupid/chatActivity.java
 com.example.arielscupid.chatActivity
 com.example.arielscupid.chatActivity$1
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/arielscupid/databinding/ActivityOtpAuthenticationBinding.java
 com.example.arielscupid.databinding.ActivityOtpAuthenticationBinding
com/example/arielscupid/SplashScreen.java
 com.example.arielscupid.SplashScreen
 com.example.arielscupid.SplashScreen$1
com/example/arielscupid/setProfile.java
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile$1
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile$2
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile$3
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile$4
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile$4$1
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile$4$2
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile$5
 com.example.arielscupid.setProfile$6
com/example/arielscupid/otpAuthentication.java
 com.example.arielscupid.otpAuthentication
 com.example.arielscupid.otpAuthentication$1
 com.example.arielscupid.otpAuthentication$2
 com.example.arielscupid.otpAuthentication$3
